---
layout: post
title:  "User-Friendly Design"
categories: [ Coding ]
image: assets/images/study4.png
---
Hello, I'm Jihoon.
Today, I will explain what I think is important for web development.

I think **user-friendly design** is very important in web development. I think the more convenient the screen is to look at, the more accessible the user is. Let me introduce some principles and rules of user-friendly design.

## 1. 직관성 (Affordance)
Intuitivity refers to the ability of a design element to clearly communicate its functionality or usage to the user. For example, a button should visually indicate that it is clickable, and a link should provide a hint that it is clickable. It is important to consider that design elements naturally induce user behavior.

**Example:** The button can visually indicate that it can be pressed through a three-dimensional design or shadow. A link may indicate that it is clickable through the underline or other colors.

## 2. 가시성 (Visibility)
Any information or function that is important to the user should be placed in a prominent position. The menu and buttons should be clearly displayed so that the user can easily find them. The design that visually guides the user on the way to the destination enhances the user experience.

**Example:**Important features are placed at the top of the home page or on the sidebar to help users find them quickly. Menu items are displayed with clear icons or text.

## 3. 효율성 (Efficiency)
It is important to consider efficiency to save your time and effort. Design should help users achieve their objectives quickly. Intuitive and concise design helps users navigate and interact effectively with web pages.

**Example:** The ordering process requires only essential information, and provides a concise step to make it easier for users to complete. The search function quickly returns results, saving you time.

## 4. 일관성 (Consistency)
Consistency in design gives users a predictable experience. By maintaining consistent layout and design principles across all pages, users don't get confused when they're on a new screen. This makes it easier for users to use websites or applications.

**Example:** All buttons on the website share the same style and layout, ensuring that users experience the same design pattern at all times.

## 5. 에러 예방과 처리 (Error Prevention and Recovery)
In situations where users may make mistakes, they should prevent errors in advance and provide a way to recover with a friendly error message when users make mistakes. It's important to provide support that makes it easy for users to solve whatever problems they experience.

**Example:** When setting a password, display strong password requirements to prevent users from setting a simple password, and provide users with clear guidance and an opportunity to correct errors while filling out the form.

## 6. 피드백 제공 (Feedback)
Immediate feedback on your behavior helps you understand and control your behavior. It is important to communicate your current status to the user via visual or audio feedback on actions such as clicking a button, submitting a form, and so on.

**Example: When successfully completed after submission of the ** form, a success message is displayed at the top of the screen, or if it fails, a suitable error message is displayed to inform the user of the situation.

## 7. 유연성 (Flexibility)
You need to consider that your web pages work well on a variety of devices and browsers. Responsive design should respond to different screen sizes and provide a suitable experience for different users considering accessibility.

**Example:** Responsive web design ensures web pages are properly displayed on a variety of devices, including mobile, tablet, and desktop.

## 8. 미니멀리즘 (Minimalism)
Design elements that are more than necessary can confuse the user. Simplified and clear design provides key information to focus on the user and simplifies the user experience by minimizing unnecessary elements.

**Example:** Display only essential information on the web page, and focus the user's attention by minimizing unnecessary images or text.

## The Last Word
In addition to this, when I looked it up, there was a button that people pressed a lot on the right. For example, if you press the cancel button to leave the app, you'll usually get two buttons, with the phrase "Do you want to leave?" "Cancel" appears on the left and "Exit" appears on the right. This can also be seen as one of the user-friendly designs.<br>I hope we can study more design and develop more accessible development for people. I'll think about the next post.
